README.md, before:

# Movie API

This project makes it possible to create a movie and also get a list of saved movies with an age censure filter.
It uses Ruby 2.7.1, Rails 6 and it is needed Postgres 12.

# What do you need to run the project

Clone this project and run those commands in sequence:

* bundle install
* rails db:create
* rails db:migrate
* rails s

# API documentation

[API mind map](http://www.xmind.net/m/yDVCCf)

# How it works

This API has two endpoint: 
* A POST endpoint (api/v1/movie) where user can create an movie with specific parameters and following some rules (see mind map for more information). 
* A GET endpoint (api/v1/movie/censure/:age) where user can get all movies, passing an age parameter of censure.

IMPORTANTE NOTICE: This API is considering Brazilian's law for censure classification. If a movie has classification for less than 10 years old, it is applied "free classification". Otherwise, it is not recommended for minors and has it own classsification. For more information: [see brazilian classification law.](https://www.justica.gov.br/seus-direitos/classificacao/cartilh_informacaoliberdadeescolha.pdf)


# Requests examples and given returns
![](https://github.com/Odoia/movie-api/blob/make-movie/project_images/201_created.png)
![](https://github.com/Odoia/movie-api/blob/make-movie/project_images/400_default_errors.png)
![](https://github.com/Odoia/movie-api/blob/make-movie/project_images/400_more_than_10_actors.png)
![](https://github.com/Odoia/movie-api/blob/make-movie/project_images/400_same_errors.png)

Commit message:

make-movie Update readme.md
- Name errors examples.

Signed-off-by: Tiago Henrique <tiagohenriqueodoia@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Movie API

This project makes it possible to create a movie and also get a list of saved movies with an age censure filter.
It uses Ruby 2.7.1, Rails 6 and it is needed Postgres 12.

# What do you need to run the project

Clone this project and run those commands in sequence:

* bundle install
* rails db:create
* rails db:migrate
* rails s

# API documentation

[API mind map](http://www.xmind.net/m/yDVCCf)

# How it works

This API has two endpoint: 
* A POST endpoint (api/v1/movie) where user can create an movie with specific parameters and following some rules (see mind map for more information). 
* A GET endpoint (api/v1/movie/censure/:age) where user can get all movies, passing an age parameter of censure.

IMPORTANTE NOTICE: This API is considering Brazilian's law for censure classification. If a movie has classification for less than 10 years old, it is applied "free classification". Otherwise, it is not recommended for minors and has it own classsification. For more information: [see brazilian classification law.](https://www.justica.gov.br/seus-direitos/classificacao/cartilh_informacaoliberdadeescolha.pdf)


# Requests examples and given returns

1. When user gives the correct parameters:
![](https://github.com/Odoia/movie-api/blob/make-movie/project_images/201_created.png)
2. When user forgot any parameter:
![](https://github.com/Odoia/movie-api/blob/make-movie/project_images/400_default_errors.png)
3. When user try to save a movie with more than 10 actors:
![](https://github.com/Odoia/movie-api/blob/make-movie/project_images/400_more_than_10_actors.png)
4. When user try to sabe a movie with same name that a saved one:
![](https://github.com/Odoia/movie-api/blob/make-movie/project_images/400_same_errors.png)
